hi there thanks for joining me today's
video is really quick and this is a
really simple Christmas card on how to
use your up your scraps and also how to
maybe not use a Christmas stamp set so
this is crumb cake desire rom cardstock
measuring five and a half by eight and a
half squared at four and a quarter and i
used the affection collection which
looking at this you might think
Valentine's Day but I used this
beautiful frame here on my card stamped
in cherry cobbler and then i used the
teeny tiny wishes merry christmas and
again that is in the cherry cobbler now
this layer i wish i could show you how i
assembled it but really it's just scraps
of paper and what i've got going on here
is a piece of pool party that is two
inches by five and a half and then I
have some of our cherry cobbler
coordination paper here it looks
textured with some of our designers
whose paper the newsprint here I've got
some cherry cobbler ribbon some of our
vintage e ribbon and a well as well just
some scrap designer papers and some
other card stocks here and I'll just
curl up those ends and then I just ran a
line of zigzag stitching along here now
this leo is a case from my friend
Kimberly's card that I just loved that
she put together oh and actually well I
guess we can leave that down the purpose
of the video was to show you where is to
show you how to use the color spritzer
tool so I'm going to take my marker and
you're going to put this into the color
spritzer tool so the nib of the pen goes
beyond the air hole here I'm just going
to move the card for a second and watch
you're going to hold this at about a 45
degree angle to the paper and your nib
is going to point almost straight down
and the faster and harder you squish the
more it's going to split so I'm just
going to i want to just add a little bit
of interest to the card and I'm going to
keep mostly at the top there you can see
it kind of splattering on the crumb cake
and now just take my marker out and put
my lid back on and very very quick and
simply you can see how it adds a little
bit of detail to the card I'm going to
attach
my beautiful button i love these buttons
and i just wove the ends in and around
this ribbon just kept going and going
going and then shoved it through my
initial loop so i took a piece and
folded it in half just to give it a
different look on the card and then i'm
going to add a couple of pearls and
you'll see that in the finished card but
really quick and really simple christmas
card that is very inexpensive it uses
your scraps but really quite appealing
so i hope you like it and i hope you
like the color spritzer tool and will
consider giving it a try because it is
one of my favorites for sure have a
great day
you